[Music]
we can spin often picture often picture
often picture you know what Lore you won't
know but
precisely this this I was
looking for this afternoon Where where it was
broadcast to take a look at it
because I only saw a click that
expensively posted on her Twitter this afternoon and it turns
out it's a Podemos platform I know
you don't get into politics okay but
I'm going to get involved no yes yes yes it's a
super progressive platform everyone who
goes there is Cindy Tacanassi the Yellow
the I don't know what And of course it couldn't be any
other way
I'm looking for the interview like crazy
where On what radio station was this where the
hell was this Podemos
but but what is she honoring the
Podemos party because from the name no it doesn't
seem like it but yes yes let's see everyone
there is more or less me the enara
Álvarez this one I don't know how you'll get along with
her
is the one who presented the Benidorm Fest or the one I do I mean I've
known her twice
but look at the guys that podcast
okay it's been around for a while I saw it
grow because one of the two
hosts are David Andújar and David
insúa to David Andújar I've known him for 67
years because I saw his photocalls and he was already
standing out he's a chili he was a boy with a
lot of desire a boy very his way of
communicating I liked in fact I saw him a
month ago we were in a theater that was
an invitation for the press and the boy I
don't agree with him on almost anything at the
level of this but I like the
boy a lot I think he's very good And besides I
said I say I have many friends who
are progressives I don't care I mean like I
can criticize the ideas but you see
if it bothers him no
and in fact he gave an award to the
community of Madrid which by the way he's not but
but it was very very funny because he
carries all the humor so yes it
's true that in this podcast the
guests in general are as you would say
as you say more development
obviously I already knew that I was going to
close the season with Rocío Carrasco I knew it
And it didn't surprise me at all I think
well between the interview they
closed it with Anahi's Peces with Rocío Well
apparently it hasn't been easy Well because let
's see Rocío Carrasco knows that  It's already
very good for his image to continue
because programs like that are good,
good, very good Because in addition it is
quite listened to and very commented and very
applauded. By the way, what happens is
that yes, yes, it is quite a lot, it is very, they
gave them both avid before they
were with something else so they noticed them, they
gave them the opportunity I
think it is Deprisa, not from the Prisa group, I think they
are in the Prisa group
also,
that platform has been around for a very short time as far as
I know, we can Look, there is another podcast
called menudo hater by Albert el
de malver The youtuber was going to mention it to you
right now
about things as they are, I mean, today he
interviewed Well, I don't know if it was Jorge
Javier who said But because Jorge,
I knew that Jorge would accept something like that
because he goes, I mean, he is in promotion,
promotion, what happens is that the headline is
not going to go that way and in fact it hasn't gone that way
but but yes And what about Rocío
Carrasco, well, it was expected Because
in addition, they both have supported her
a lot from the beginning because
one of them, David insua, the other is very good
friends with Carlota corredera  it is known in
fact Carlota was there Everything stays a
bit in the family so for me I applaud my
colleagues now well Now I'm going
we are going to start criticizing in this
case what she has said which is what
is the content that Look let's see
javis it's that I don't know if they live in a
parallel reality If before she believes what she
says because when they
ask her when she asks one of the
David he tells them how do you think
your mother would have do you think she would have
supported you in the matter of the documentary And she
says Yes let's go completely let's I tell you
yes with full conviction And she says
Well she would have suffered and such because of
what the family did to me, I mean
in her head she's scheming or has she really
come to think that that would be like that
and all those who know Rocío Jurado
colleagues from the time people who have
lived near her who are not her daughter
because they exist more than her daughter say
knowing them they have been saying for a year and a
half knowing Rocío Jurado is that
if she raised her head I would put her back in the
ground Because she says
knowing her she would have given you two
scoldings well two scoldings you know that
I think that she also says it with
conviction and you know what happens it is not
an interview in which she is being
questioned but rather praised, so
there it goes from being an interview to a
chat, she did not criticize him but that is how it is,
a little bit what happened
with
Well, I did ask him some questions
When the Antonio David thing
last year I did ask him some
questions that I tried to make it not be
a massage you know but there are times that I know that
you bring maybe to your
program to your YouTube channel maybe
a character, damn let's see if
you are going to bring him to do a massage
the condition is that you can ask him
more or less I understand that maybe you
are not paying them there a little bit a
topic that is reserved for an exclusive or
whatever but man the interviews are
what they have to have that that is why
I For example I always say and
people jump on me or are scandalized
when I say it that I would love to
interview Carlota corredera or
Rocio Carrasco And it is that with Carlota and he
talks a lot but come on I understand I
understand perfectly what you say
although  I'll tell you something, I would also
love to interview her, Fidel, yeah, I
mean, I would love to, but it's true
that now I'm going to, let's do
an exercise in honesty. Right now I'm
interviewing Rocío Flores.
I have a podcast. Well, I already have it, but let's
go, a podcast
that also shows me and I'm doing
self-criticism and being honest right now.
Maybe it's not that I'm giving her a massage,
but I'm going to try to take care of her. Because
unconsciously, in a year and a half I
have affection for her, two, I know her and I talk
to her quite a few times, three, it's like I
try, I don't know if it's right or wrong,
but it will be a little bit of a person first, and I know that
there's some specific topic that I don't
want to touch on because I don't want to destroy
or screw that person. So it's very
complicated sometimes, depending on which
characters you go to, it
's very complicated because it's
also important to take care of yourself because of
each person's position, I mean, and because of
empathy, positioning, because in the
end, we have positioned ourselves, it
's not as if I had to interview
a Tala review, for example, you're not going to
know them from the YouTube world, but someone
with whom you have good vibes, with whom you
have friends.  with whom has such
Well maybe it's not the same because you're not going to
go you know what I'm telling you but well no, I do
n't want these types of interviews to go
But Javi
Javi you have said we have taken a position
and I qualify this and I say they have
forced us to take a position let me explain if
you since March 21, 2021 are telling me this this this this this this this
The more you tell me this because
your nose is full of anger I'm going to get at this
this and I'm going to be on the other side because I
feel it but because you're making me
feel it you know what I want to tell you No
man man please
one thing when you give news
when you give news Sure sure
always try to be
because the word objective in your
profession yes but maybe mine doesn't
understand like I can give you the news
but I try no I think objective
no I try to be fair I think it would be
a word that maybe fits better
Although I'm more inclined to one side another side
whatever when when I have to criticize
something about the people that I usually
defend or even appreciate something about the
people that  I usually criticize, I try to
do it, but one thing is that you are giving
news and another thing is that you are
doing an interview or a podcast or
a talk,
a little bit your opinion, your Sure, sure,
but look for example written news, whether it
is from one side or the other or when Rocío
Carrasco or whatever is positive It's that I
release it the same and I treat it as it is, I am
never going to put anything subjective in the
news like and Rocío Carrasco has
finished that it was about time or something I mean, I do
n't tell them what is as it is and then
the people who judge like that, speaking and giving their
opinion, obviously the story
changes. But you know what I want to tell you,
no, when it is a written news you
cannot get involved unless it is an
opinion article or a column. But
then you can put in there to give your opinion
because it is that you say Girl, I know
where you are going but don't let it be so obvious that you
know but oh well
[Music]